feat(sync): Verify private account commitment before locking (#2260)
0xMiden/miden-client: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

* [FIX][rust] State sync now re-verifies a tracked private account's commitment mismatch against the witness `get_account` returns. The witness is checked against the synced block's account root before locking the account, so a node can no longer durably lock it with a forged `sync_transactions` commitment ([#2260](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/2260)).

> * [FIX][rust] State sync now range-checks `sync_transactions` records to `(current, chain_tip]`, rejecting out-of-range records that could forge transaction commit heights ([#2252](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/2252)).

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
* [FIX][rust] State sync now re-verifies a tracked private account's commitment mismatch against the witness `get_account` returns. The witness is checked against the synced block's account root before locking the account, so a node can no longer durably lock it with a forged `sync_transactions` commitment ([#2260](https://github.com/0xMiden/rust-sdk/pull/2260)).
* [FIX][rust] State sync now range-checks `sync_transactions` records to `(current, chain_tip]`, rejecting out-of-range records that could forge transaction commit heights ([#2252](https://github.com/0xMiden/rust-sdk/pull/2252)).
```
